hi guys it's Ron today I'm excited to
review the parrot rolling spider well
begin with the strengths of this fun
gadget this quad has wheels a great
buffer for the rolling spider and anyone
in its way those little blades are quite
sharp when rotating this gadget is
really stable it's also fairly easy to
learn how to pilot this little guy if
you really want to enjoy the rolling
spider using it outside unlocks its full
potential but you can also use it
indoors doesn't take too long to learn
how to fly this thing though all the
controls can be a bit tricky this parrot
has a range of about 20 meters or
roughly 65 feet with a top speed of 11
miles an hour or approximately 20
kilometres an hour it can do flips left
side right side front and back crashing
the rolling spider isn't a huge issue
though having spare propellers is a
great idea it will withstand impact with
wood weeds and even solid metal at full
speed quite impressive considering it's
not made of carbon fiber or metal the
piloting OS free flight 3 offered by
parrot is fairly straightforward the
right side controls lateral movement
your phone controls speed of the rolling
spider tilt forward to go forward back
to go back and so forth the left side
controls altitude and rotation to the
right or left side tricks you can
perform are on the upper right and are
activated with a double tap just below
the trick button there's also a Quick
Launch button if you don't want to use
the take-off button emergency stops the
rolling spider there are also a bunch of
other settings you can sinker with
including maximum altitude speed pilot
mode and wheels or no wheels
I use the rolling spider for over a
month and lost a lot of small parts bent
the propellers and even overheated one
of the motors and survived 20 foot falls
onto grass many crashes and almost 14
minutes of continuous flight with the
help of a spare battery there are a
couple of things I really don't like
about this gadget the battery is
probably the weakest point of the
rolling
even with a fully charged battery you'll
be lucky to get more than seven minutes
of fly time though to really enjoy this
gadget 15 would be ideal if your battery
is having charging issues and you get
less than a minute of fly time this is
the contact points most likely there are
several tutorials online and I found
that bending the right and left pins
outward with a little bit of force helps
with charging just make sure you don't
use too much force and don't over bend
them as the battery won't fit or they
may even snap this parrot also has a
fairly limited range it's approximately
65 feet but that's in ideal conditions
once the rolling spider loses the
Bluetooth connection as no pilot and
reconnecting it is difficult I was just
getting a spare battery for this device
to really enjoy it and start with the
wheels if you never pilot a drone I'd
like to thank parrot for sending me the
rolling spider to review and hope you
enjoy this video it took a lot of words
to create this so hit that like button
and share it don't forget to subscribe
for more content if you'd like to
purchase the rolling spider check out
their website the links are below just
don't let it fly away